VSCode - update text to specifically describe the main Nextflow package (#814)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/editor_plugins.md

# VSCode

[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), or VSCode for short, is a code editor redefined and optimized for building and debugging modern web and cloud applications.
VSCode has a huge ecosystem of packages that can be installed to extend functionality.

> There is offical Nextflow language support for Nextflow with syntax highlighting and auto-completion code snippets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is official Nextflow language support with syntax highlighting and auto-completion code snippets.
```

To use, just search for `Nextflow` in the VSCode Packages tab search bar, or visit
<https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nextflow.nextflow> (see also the [source code](https://github.com/nextflow-io/vscode-language-nextflow)).

To make it easier to get up and running with the ones that are helpful when working with nf-core pipelines, we have put together an _"extension pack"_ of community favourites.
You can browse, pick and choose the ones you think look good, or can install them all in a single click.

To use, just search for `nf-core-extensionpack` in the VSCode Packages tab search bar, or visit
<https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nf-core.nf-core-extensionpack>

> The extension pack source code can be found on GitHub and is super simple syntax - suggestions and improvements welcome!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension pack source code can be found on GitHub and is written in super simple syntax - suggestions and improvements welcome!
```
